# Best-of-255

    Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
    For the DriverPass project, I was tasked by a client called DriverPass to design a system that could register users to take driving lessons in order to offer more people a methodology of passing driving tests.
    What did you do particularly well?
    Throughout this project UML charts were constantly used and put to great use. I found that I took a shining to them and I also seemed to enjoy myself when I was assigned the completion of these charts, whether they be sequence charts, class charts, or activity charts.
    If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
    While I enjoyed working on the aforementioned UML charts, there was one chart in particular that I revisited in my mind after submitting it that I believe I could have improved upon. That chart was a User Registration Activity chart and while I recieved full credit on the assignment, I think I could've made the system a little bit more robust be adding a few bits of logic that required the user to sign up with an email upon initial registration in the system. If I had incorporated this additional requirement, I would have add steps such as validation of email account ownership and change of email associated to account in later steps.
    How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
    My designs were almost entirely built around user needs. A user will not be a user of a system if their needs are never met by the system in the first place, and so it is imperative to design the system with the mind and actions of the user at the forefront of the development process. In particular, I would ask myself "Would I want to use a program that operates like 'x' or performs in 'y' fashion?" If the answer was yes, it should probably be incorporated.
    How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
    A large part of designing software comes with the realization that the first iteration of the product will more than likely not be the final iteration of the product. There is almost always something to improve upon, and if there isn't at the moment, given time their will be. To understand that this process is iterative goes a long way to instilling the developers with the patience and drive to see the development through to the end. In the future, I will not forget this.
